---
title: week 4
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 1VJGPbZe9-AaZSEzCf3wfzu2IqKuSCXjEEhYfQoG03J8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td> Week 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>10/10/2016</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Complete some of the activities in the booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>  
I used my previous mistakes which i mentioned in my last blog and applied to this lesson. These strategies actually worked, as most of my predicted improvements never work because their either just too complicated or too basic and simple and have no effect. So, me and Will agreed on what we were doing and there we go, a good, solid lesson of work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> 
What limited my learning was the fact that i seemed to get distracted too easily. Even though i had a good lesson, at the start i was on my own, and eventually my partner turned up and then he wanted to do all the typing so i quickly read through all of the booklet part and then helped him for a bit, but, there still isn't enough swapping over between us.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> 
 For next time, i think more communication is needed to improve both of our learning otherwise it will just be  one of us doing one thing and the other not paying much attention. So, next time i will change our communication skills, my habit of making sure that i don't daydream and i pay 100% attention and finally it is to work harder so i get all of the work done instead of doing 1 section per hour.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


