---
title: week 9
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /week-9/
source-id: 1mSdFYjNf0jJikvzpgdyeW7WW8LgV5c54-A30gUciDaA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Week 9</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>05.12.16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Robot arm </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make the robot arm work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>Yes, very well</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>     This week i changed from what i did last week and it made a really effective, big difference. So, this week we changed the way we set up because we figured out that if the robot arm doesn't work but the computer can sense it, then it is the usb socket that isn’t working, so we just moved the robot’s usb around until we found a socket that would work for the robot. This strategy was very effective for setting up and saved loads of time.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>  Unlike last week where i couldn't use my arm, the thing that limited my learning this week  was our communication. This is because Will was doing the work and then went off to help another group then i carried on the work, helping us go further to learn more. Then Will would come back and shove me off the robot so he could do it. So i think this held us up slightly but we got over it. So, next time i think we need to work on our communication and deciding who’s doing what, when.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i will use what i learned from this week and use in next week's lesson: how to set up quickly. I will improve my learning by communicating with others better.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


