---
title: week 6
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /week-6/
source-id: 1dkTMJL_1dXRZya_GXDpth49Pn3a9PwZbj_uVb-j5cTM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Week 6</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>14.11.16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Design and layout of blog posts</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make blogs look good</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>I hope so. What do you think?</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> I learnt that to make and edit your document it was to copy and paste it into another document and edit it there. But always keep a copy because something could happen and your work could be deleted. I thought that the most effective strategy was to look at other people's work and see what they did well and try and adapt it to your work. For example Mr Keen made a very good blog post layout but i haven't yet worked out to do it. But some bits i can work out</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> The thing that limited my learning was that i didn't trust in my ability to work harder and eventually get what i want instead of relying on other people to help or give me the answers. I need to work on believing in myself and making my layout of my blog look better. To make it look more professional so that people can actually read it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i will spend less time trying to plan what i am going to do and just go and do it, i think that this is a good aim because it saves time and i get more work done, even if it isn't quite right. I will improve my learning by having confidence, believing in myself and to make sure that my blogs actually look and sound good so that people might actually want to read it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


