---
title: week 7
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /week-7/
source-id: 1pkX6jWlGU3CluSevc12XYSs43rWv802_Gfhe3e5TXEE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>21.11.16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Robot arm and blog</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make the robot arm work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>Yes, very well</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> I learnt that my blog did not meet up to standards with other people's blogs. So i have made some fixes and i hope that they are now up to standards. Also we finally got our robot working, when i say we, i mean will. So what happened was, i was looking at the robot and checking that nothing was wrong with it, then seconds later i almost got hit by this arm swinging round.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> The thing that limited my learning was that i didn't work hard enough, so when we finished we didn’t know what to do, so we tested out our skills, we made the robot pick up my usb lid and drop it in another place. The first time we did it, we got it spot on but, when we did it in front of the teacher, well…. We failed terribly. So, i need to work on practicing on something before we try and show it off to the rest of the class.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i will make sure i know what i am doing before i show it off to the class. I will also change my blog. I will improve my learning by getting the voice in my head saying practise, practice, practice otherwise it could be quite embarrassing to me and my partner. Finally, i will improve my learning by having confidence and not doubting myself, this is because i didn't think that we will get to do anything this lesson because we have tried to make the robot work before and failed but this time we succeeded, so i am very happy about that. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


