---
title: week 2 
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /week-2-/
source-id: 19sYie34bw-9UP0ZNAFPBoqIfcY_4GISXjhKd5X6bq4A
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Raspberry pie 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a Github Pages Static Website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The way that i learned was that me and my partner, Will, would each take turns to type and speak. So, i would type and Will would read the words out to me and then Will would type and i would read the words out to him. This was the most effective strategy because we each got a go on the computer (unlike some groups) and we each took our time to look and learn what the book was saying.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> The only thing that limited my learning was the fact that i kept forgetting to save my work so, twice, i pressed the wrong f button (e.g. f1, f2, f3, f4, f5….) and that cleared the page so i had to start again. so , next lesson i will, must remember to save my work more often because anything could happen (power cut, wrong button…) and then i will loose my work for good and have to start again. I also have a habit of looking at all the things i need to look at instead of all the extra bits on the side of the booklet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i think i will change the part where we swap every 5-10 minutes to once every program, this is because it will save time to get on with the work and it will also give us more time to look at what we are doing instead of swapping seats for half the lesson. I also think that to improve my learning, i must look at the booklet and what it's saying as well as typing to make sure i get exactly what i’m doing. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


