---
title: 9.1.17
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /9.1.17/
source-id: 1al6RHi9u1M6ni8jANvDHjRyCafvrfsD-2Mmyw1u2-Sk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Beginning of term</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>09.01.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Completing form</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To understand more complex things</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>I think so</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>     This week the whole class gathered at the front and learned lots of important information that i have mostly forgotten. Such as memory. We also learnt by testing ourselves to see if it was true or not, so we tested when we would put our hands up. We did this by checking whether or not we would only put our hands up if someone else in the class did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>  The thing that limited my learning this week was that i didn't join in enough, i should have contributed to the lesson a bit more. So, for next week i will contribute to the lesson more so i can work out what i know and what i don’t and use this information to help me in I.T. and other lessons during school.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i think that i will probably be more honest with the answers i give instead of looking around at my classmates to check that i'm not the only one. I will also make sure that i write my blog post the day i get it and not look at a screen within half an hour before bed to aid my memory and help my brain place the new information that i gained from the day. I will do this because this is the new information i gained from doing i.t. And it actually works.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


