---
title: 23.01.17
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /23.01.17/
source-id: 1xyjEeiNJ6eI7LhGUd0LHNa-WdcLTXDXG-MfRtb1lNxI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>23.01.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>23.01.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>codecademy </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do some of the exercises on the website </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>     I learned by getting stuck and trying to figure out a way out. So, in the first 45 minutes of the lesson, i flew through about 6 or 7 questions but then, in the last 15 minutes of the lesson i hit a wall. This was no ordinary wall, this was one high wall, very thick, like the one donald trump is going to build across southern america. It took me almost the whole of the rest of the lesson just to figure out what i had done wrong on this one question. As it turns out, you have to copy exactly what it says otherwise it will think you said something different and it won't work. Something like a instead of A</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>   What limited my learning this week was that i almost gave up but then a hero in shining armour came, Mr keen guided us in the right direction and gave us examples that students make everyday. He said that people give up too easily and just get someone else to do it for them. This amazing speech gave me inspiration to do better than those who had tried before me. So i tried, worked even harder than humanly possible and finally i came to the right answer. I need to work on working hard without the teacher's inspirational speech to spur me on.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i will change the fact that if i can't do something then i ask someone else, i need to remember this to aid my learning in I.T. I will improve my learning by making sure i know what the question means and that i fully understand what i am supposed to be doing before i attempt it.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


