---
title: 30.01.17
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /30.01.17/
source-id: 1vRG24svQ5K0cCXH57s6GJHtng6kaETW48djhue3sLsk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>30.01.2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>23.01.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>codecademy </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do some of the exercises on the website </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>     This week was pretty much the same as last week, I learned by getting stuck and trying to figure my way out. I have set my own personal record of getting stuck. Sounds weird, i know but my record for being stuck is now officially at 20 minutes. I solved this problem by going back to the earlier exercises and looking at what they did there and applying it to my work on the exercise i was doing. By doing this i realised i hadn't payed enough attention to what i was doing in the earlier exercises. This was a very effective strategy; looking back and learning from how they did it to apply it to your work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>   What limited my learning was the fact that i just wanted the lesson to end quicker because i was stuck on this one question for a whole 20mins.This kind of put me off for the whole lesson and stopped me from making more progress in the lesson then i did. Next time i will not be afraid to use the hint button to help me even if i think i can do something when actually i can't.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i will change my attitude to learning by admitting i need some help even if i think i can do it yet still be too blind to spot the mistake yet not be too stupid to give up early and admit defeat. I will improve my learning by paying more attention to detail.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


