---
title: 16.01.17
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /16.01.17/
source-id: 1FubzSDFwVLOFI0wV9jVW-NAwALhob0CjVyIZ8txO37c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>16.01.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>16.01.17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>codecademy </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do some of the exercises on the website </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>Yes, </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>     I learned by making sure I read the instructions of what it told us to do. I did this because I have had some trouble skipping the instructions and not reading what is says in the past, our teacher also advised us to do this. The most effective strategy was to read everything that it said on the whole page and then attempt the exercise, if the exercise was too hard or I had not got it right at over 3 attempts then I used the clue that it gave us.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>   What limited my learning this week was that i wasn't paying enough attention and taking in what it was telling me. I could tell this because at the end of each section they present us with a quiz and i only got 80%. I need to work on just genuinely paying more attention, especially to the little things. This will help me in everyday life at school. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Next time i will try to pay attention to what it is telling me as this lesson i didn't do quite as well as i thought i might have done in the quizzes. I will improve my learning by paying more attention.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


