---
title: 06.02.2017
layout: post
author: james.spicer
permalink: /06.02.2017/
source-id: 1eP2vM6x4hU9kaL0tFJXFWHQo2BltJcm4SCteikeY8M4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>06/02/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>06/02/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>codecademy </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do some of the exercises on the website </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Did i reach my target?</td>
    <td>no</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson review</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***How did i learn? What strategies were effective?***
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>     This week was terrible, i only did one exercise and i was just stuck on this one question for most of the lesson. I learned by trying out different approaches, for example, my first attempt of trying strings didn't exactly work, so, i tried it with numbers and it did work. The most effective strategy was to try different attempt to see which one worked best.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What limited my learning?What strategies do i need to work on?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>   What limited my learning was that i only realised this strategy when we didn't have much long left of the lesson. So i only ended up completing one section of a segment of work that we were supposed to complete. I need to work on coming up with better strategies earlier in the lesson or i could just use previous strategies i learnt from previous weeks and apply them to this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>***What will i change for next time?How will i improve my learning?***</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>   Next time i will change my strategy to reading the question probably and getting the right strategy for the question. I will improve my learning by doing this strategy to get more work done so i can learn more.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


